Officials at the Pacific Nuclear Research Facility have denied the rumor
that a case of missing plutonium was in fact stolen
from their vault two weeks ago.

A Libyan terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the alleged theft,
however, officials now attribute this discrepancy to a simple clerical error.

The FBI, which is still investigating the matter, had no comment.

Listen, can you meet me at Twin Pines Mall tonight at one fifteen?

I've made a major breakthrough and I'll need your assistance.


This so-called Dr.Brown is dangerous. He's a real nut case.
You hang around with him, you're gonna end up in big trouble.

I notice your band is on the roster
for the dance auditions after school today.

Why even brother, McFly? You don't have a chance.

You're too much like your old man.

No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley!

Yeah, well, history is gonna change.


Marty, one rejection isn't the end of the world.

Naw, I just don't think I'm cut out for music.

But you're good, Marty. You're really good.
And this audition tape of yours is great.

You've gotta send it into the record company.

It's like Doc always says.

Yeah, I know, I know.
"If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything."


Uh, plutonium. Wait a minute.
Are you telling me that this sucker is nuclear?

Hey, hey, hey, keep rolling. Keep rolling there. No, no, no, no, no.
This sucker's electorical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate
the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity I need.

Doc, you don't just walk into a store and buy plutonium.
Did you rip that off?

Of course, from a group of Libyan nationalists.


Stand tall, boy. Have some respect for yourself.
Don't you know if you let people walk over you now,
they'll be walking over you for the rest of your life! Look at me.
You think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house?

No, sir I'm gonna make something of myself.
I'm going to night school. And one day, I'm gonna be somebody!

That's right! He's gonna be Mayor.

Yeah, I'm gonna be Mayor. Now, that's good idea. I could run for Mayor.


A blot of lightning! Unfortunately,
you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike.

We do now.

It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower
at precisely ten-o-four P.M. next Saturday night!

If we could somehow harness this lightning,
channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work.

Next Saturday night, we're sending you, back to the future!


Uh, stories. Science-fiction stories about visitors
coming down to earth from other planets.

Get outta town! I didn't know did anything creative. Let me read some.

Oh, no, no, no, no.
I never, I never let anybody read my stories.

Oh, what if they didn't like them? What if they told me I was no good.

I guess that would be pretty hard for somebody to understand.

Uh, no. No, not hard at all.


Oh, hi, Marty. I didn't hear you come in.

Uh, fascinating devie, this cideo unit.

I haven't told you about the night we made that tape.

Please, Marty. Don't tell me.

No man should know too much about his own destiny.

I do unserstand! If I know too much about my own future,
I could endanger my own existence!

Just ad you've endangered yours.


You've really made a difference in my life.
You've given me something to shoot for.

Just knowing that I'm gonna be around to see Nineteen eighty-five.
That I'm gonna succeed in this!
That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time.

It's gonna be really hard waiting thirty years
before I can talk to you about everything
that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty.


Well, Marty, I wanna thank you for all your good advice.
I'll never forget it.

Right, George. Well, uh, good luck, you guys.

Oh! One other thing.

If you guys ever have kids, and one of them when he's eight years old
accidentally sets fire to the living room rug, go easy on him.

Okay.

Marty! It's such a nice name.


All right. Let's set your destination time.
This is the exact time you left.
Let's send you back at exactly the same time.
It'll be like you never left.

I've calculated the precise distance,
taking into account the acceleration speed and wind resistance
retroactive from the moment the lightning strikes
which will be in exactly seven minutes and twenty-two-seconds.


You're alive!

A bullet proof vest. How did you know?
I never got a chance to tell you.

What about all that talk about screwing up future events?
The space time continuum?

Well, I figured what the hell.

So how far ahead are you going?

About thirty years. It's a nice round number.